I'd like to introduce you briefly to Morristown-Beard School—a co-ed college preparatory day school for grades 6-12—and to invite you to learn about and explore our wonderful campus and academic program, which offers a rigorous educational experience within a warmly inclusive community.

Unwavering in its 120-year commitment to students' individual strengths, MBS is unique in its history and mission. We are deeply invested in pushing students to reach their potential within a life of balance and authentic learning. Morristown-Beard draws the best out of its students by harmonizing academic rigor with moral and ethical development. With an average class size of eleven, we have an unusual opportunity to connect personally and intellectually in an intimate and inspiring academic setting. 

A 1971 merger of a former all-boys school (Morristown Prep) and a former all-girls school (the Beard School), MBS offers a co-ed learning environment that draws upon its former single-sex roots. We pride ourselves in understanding the specific learning styles of both boys and girls as we prepare them for academic and personal success in a 21st-century global community.

Founded in the late 19th century by three Harvard men and three pioneering women, all sisters, MBS is the fruit of inspired collaborative effort over the last two centuries. In tune with its founders, MBS has retained its commitment to guiding its students toward a life of contribution and fulfillment. Nestled next to Frelinghuysen Arboretum but with easy access to Route 287, MBS draws from 90 communities within a radius of about 25 miles. On a campus that is "always sunny," we offer a full athletic program, a vigorous performing, visual and digital arts curriculum, and a forward-thinking, technologically-enhanced academic program, all steeped in the timeless principles of civility and a commitment to service.

Even in 1891, our two founding institutions defied cultural trends by focusing broadly on the values and skills necessary for a fulfilled life, and we still do so today. I encourage you to visit us on campus to experience first hand this sanctuary of intellectual curiosity and personal growth.

With warm regards,
Peter J. Caldwell
Headmaster